Once the piece is located, it is necessary to
determine the best way to approach
up to the optimal shooting distance
it is indispensable to go observing
continuously the movements of the roe deer
we will be directing the approach
final depending on your travels
always aiming to place us in
a place where it is possible to make a
good shot
the success of the final entry will depend
of experience and good
hunter then to meet a
such a short distance of an animal so
Shy and with senses so
developed the slightest noise
will cause the flight of the dam by giving
lost all the work done
previously
analyzing the situation and seeing that there is
to go through a lot too much
discovered paco decides with great
criterion keep moving forward only to
minimize the chances of being
detected
the short absorbed in his work has not been
given the presence of paco 'that
meter to meter is reducing the distance
of shooting until you reach a precipice that
it makes it impossible for you to keep moving forward and
that will force you to make a shot
more than 300 meters act solely from a
experienced hunter as is he
no no
I was quite far away from those who
we have a possibility the idea was
very in favor of the others that we have
could reach a bidder that being
a very long shot
the air was not so long
if about 300 meters I think it has not
he left nearby branches to the air he was
very in favor
very good a good one is normal the
shot all things for the heart
are normal are more normal than
it has about 150 180
the period I have and pretty
the residents are not bad either
up, up, down, have many
photos already
the haul has been really exciting
so the occasion will not be missed
to make some good memories photos